remove split2 dependency (#3418)
deltachat/deltachat-core-rust: node/README.md

> not inside this folder. (We need this in order to include the rust source
> code in the npm package.)

### Use a git branch in deltachat-desktop

You can directly install a core branch, but make sure:
- that you have typescript in your project dependencies, as it is likely required

> - you know that there are **no prebuilds** and so it's build during instalation which is why it takes so long

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- you know that there are **no prebuilds** and so core is built during installation which is why it takes so long
```
